(mellow instrumental music)
There's been a seeming missing link
between Zecharia Sitchin's interpretation
of the Sumerian Tablets and physical evidence
of the alleged gold mining clone species
of the Anunnaki.
That is until now.
Micheal Tellinger and his partner Johan Heine
have brought an ancient civilization in South Africa
to the center of Sitchin's thesis.
Spanning thousands of kilometers in distance
and up to 280,000 years in time,
these structures now appear to be way more
than just housing for mine workers.
We spoke once before in a radio interview
and laid some of the foundation for what
we'll talk about today.
But I've noticed with your work, you're really about
connecting much larger dots than just this particular piece
that you've been working on for the last many years
and continue to work on.
Which means we're going to have two conversations today.
One is going to be on the ancient ruins
and the implications in terms of modern technology.
And then we're going to have a second conversation,
with your permission, about the extension
of what this means to modern society,
and some of what you're thinking about
and having the works for South Africa in particular.
So let's have conversation one first,
which is really amazing.
You're startling groups all over the United States
on this 26 city tour showing them your findings
on these ancient ruins in South Africa,
which indicate, it appears to be the very earliest signs
of what it now known as modern human,
the modern human.
Let's just go ahead and launch into the beginning.
And we'll kind of keep that compact and listen
to the radio interview.
Let's keep that part compact, but talk about how
you stumbled upon this, and what your initial interest was
in these South African ruins.
Thanks, Regina.
My interest in the ruins really started
from the very early age where I've always been interested
in life in the universe.
Looking up at the skies as an early, very young child,
wondering what the other people looked like
that lived out there in the sky.
I never ever thought that we were the only people on Earth
and lost in the universe.
That came as a surprise to me when suddenly I was told
by other adults that oh no, we're the only people
that are out there in this vast universe.
That was a big shock to me.
And even as a young child I just never could relate to that.
Then later I started being involved, or interested in
these so-called mythological creatures
and mythological gods as a teenager, early teenager.
And in my musical days I started writing songs
about these mythological gods, about every possible god
you can image.
So already for some strange reason I was attracted
to that side of history, and the mystery of the origins
of humankind.
Very shortly after that in high school and at university,
I then started reading the material in the books
that were available on this starting with obvious,
Erich von Daniken.
And then I discovered Immanuel Velikovsky
and that was like a big shock to the system.
And then obviously much later I stumbled upon
Zecharia Sitchin and also the wonderful book
by William Bramley, Gods of Eden,
which is a wonderful piece of work.
And I realized that there's this whole body
of information out there and lots
of wonderful authors and researchers,
and men of amazing research.
And people that have got high stature in communities
have been working on this for a long, long time
that have been sharing this information,
but it's been somehow hidden.
That really brought me to write Slave Species of God.
I realized that there was an opportunity
to bring a lot of this information together
in a slightly more palatable way than some
of the more technical presentations.
Yes, some of it's a little thick to get through.
Yeah, one of the things that happened to me
was that I was sharing the information
about Zecharia Sitchin and his work and so forth,
and people just weren't getting it.
My friend said to me over lunch one day,
he said listen, you should write a book about this.
And I woke up the next morning and that's exactly
what I did, I started writing Slave Species of God.
But you also started writing some other things
at a very early age.
And I just want to backtrack a bit.
If you're comfortable, you tell me.
Sharing a little piece you wrote when you were
five years old-ish?
Because this really shows who you are.
And it indicates that you were born to do exactly
what you are doing right now,
which I find often when I sit across from people
that I interview.
Is you can see, this person was born to do this very thing.
Would you mind sharing that, because I find it fascinating.
I don't mind sharing it at all.
I grew up in a musical family and music,
it's just, it's in my blood, it's in my genes,
it's in my soul.
And I was surrounded by people doing opera
and jazz and doing all kinds of things.
So musical intruments, and especially a piano,
was always in the house.
So I was playing piano since a very early age.
And at the age of five, I think I couldn't have been
more than five.
I sat down at the piano and I wrote a song,
because that's what everybody else was doing around me.
So it just came naturally.
And the song was, the lyrics were basically
something to the extent that when you die
you go to a place called heaven.
But it's not really the kind of place that most people
think it is.
And they make specific bread there.
But the bread is not made from flour,
it's made from some other kind of material
that is a plant-like substance but is some strange
organic plant-like substance,
and that's the bread of heaven.
And that's not a normal kind of thing for a five-year
old child to do.
No, I think it's fair to say.
So your connections with the heavens goes certainly back
probably before birth.
So I just wanted you to share that just to show
how deep it goes because I love that little story.
Now we can go back forward to you wrote
Slave Species of the Gods.
And at this time, now when you wrote that how aware
were you of the artifacts that were around you?
And can you give us the lineage of that until we get
to Temples of the God?
And Temples of the African Gods.
When I started writing Slave Species of God
I was not aware at all of any of the things
that were awaiting me.
And that was a big surprise.
I was just really compelled to take a lot of that
technical information that's out there
that I know a lot of people struggle to read.
And the more I try to tell them about Zecharia Sitchin
and the other literature out there, they say yeah,
we tried to read it but I can't read it.
It's too difficult, I don't understand it.
And I thought, but it's not that difficult.
So I thought, okay let me give this a shot.
And give us a synopsis now
of what that book was about.
The Slave Species of God is really taking
writing it in laymen's terms and dealing
with the basics of human anatomy.
The brain, the cells, the genome,
and things like that.
Everything about our body so that we understand
what we're talking about.
And then with genetics and cloning,
how far we've come with cloning.
And then going into the Sumerian Tablets
and translating and pulling together the essence
of the translations of the Sumerian Tablets,
referring to the Anunnaki and the cloning process
that they describe in the Sumerian Tablets.
So by the time you get to the cloning process
and what they did a long time ago,
you're not taking the reader and dumping them
in the deep end.
You've made them comfortable giving them
laymen's terms explanation,
and also pulling together the origins of all religions.
I think I looked at 12 major religions
in Slave Species of God.
And I pulled them all together and showed people
that the origins all come from the same place.
And the point of departure in all religions,
there's this meddling and involvement of these ancient gods
that all mythologies and all oral traditions
and Sumerian Tablets...
Virtually every indigenous culture
speaks of this.
The gods from the skies who come and teach them things.
Exactly, so they come out of the sky,
they create humanity, and they teach them everything
they need to know and then they go away.
And they come every now and them to check up on them,
and beat some of them up, and slap them around
a little bit if they're misbehaving,
and give them some more knowledge and other stuff.
And then they go away again.
And this is the story of human history.
Now, you say human history.
And you make this distinction.
When you do your presentation you talk about the word
mythology as opposed to the word history
and the actual roots of the word mythology.
Because most people listening to this,
they're not already familiar with the subject,
will say well that's part of mythology.
It's mythological in nature.
So, give us the definition, the roots of mythology.
Yeah, this is a very important distinction.
I'm glad you brought it up because what we understand
mythology to be today and mean today
is completely the opposite to its original meaning.
The original meaning of the word mythos means
words, spoken words, stories, legends,
told by an history and they were sworn to be true
by priests and kings.
So we're dealing with factual events
that were sworn to be true.
So, what the word mythos actually means is
and accurate representation of historic events.
It's got nothing to do with imaginary or fairy tale,
or stuff made up.
Because even just when you think about that concept,
the fact, the meaning that we ascribe to the word
mythology today is so arrogant from our civilization
right now because the moment we suggest
that mythology means imaginary or fairy tale,
that suggests that all ancient civilizations had no history.
They imagined everything.
Because that's what we ascribe, the value we ascribe
to the meaning mythology.
So what I like to suggest to people is
every time they read the word mythology
they must replace it with its original meaning.
And that meaning is history.
And suddenly everything changes.
It changes in flash.
So right now, everyone listening to this conversation,
watching this video, let's take what you're saying
as history, genuine human history,
perhaps a name change along the way.
Some of the characters, it seems their names may
have morphed throughout history,
But you had this similar cast of characters
in the beginning that seems to be common
to these various indigenous cultures.
They just have their name for them.
So let's just say we have a cast of characters.
And this is our historical roots.
So now, introduce us to the historical
creators of the human race as the indigenous species
particularly in South Africa understand it.
Well, the oldest written record we have
are the translations of the Sumerian Tablets.
They are scripts, obviously that exist.
But we haven't really transcribed them
or understood them, so we can't read
and we can't understand what they're trying to tell us.
But we do understand what the Sumerian Tablets
are telling us.
Many of the interpretations have been questioned.
However, I think the volume of the translations
and the constant repetition and the cross-references
in the Sumerian Tablets to the same set of events
and the same group of beings that were doing
the same things all over the world suggest
that this was really going on.
And I don't think there should be any doubt.
Just like we capture things today,
the Sumerians captured things in great detail
in ancient times.
Except writing it on computers that could disappear
in a puff as we know, they captured the information
on clay tables.
So fortunately, we still have that information.
If we had to evaporate today,
there'd be absolute, very little information
about our civilization right now.
No stone carvings.
Exactly, no stone carvings, none of that.
So we wouldn't exist in the eyes of future generations
that discovered remnants of our existence.
Fortunately, that's not the case.
The Sumerian Tablets talk extensively
about the origins of humankind.
They talk about a time before time,
which is very interesting.
And they talk about the group of beings called the Anunnaki
who found Earth for a specific purpose.
The found that Earth contained gold.
And they were desperately in need of gold,
and therefore they came to this planet to get gold.
At that stage, the planet may have been inhabited
by some spiritual beings and some other
advanced beings that may have been totally decimated.
That becomes a whole different story.
Okay, so what we're going to do
is remove the whole concept of the lost cultures
of say, Lemuria, that seem to have risen
throughout history to human consciousness.
Let's take that off the table, Atlantis off the table
and we'll just go starting with what the indications
historically are here in terms
of archaeological evidence and lore.
So these Anunnaki found this planet.
They found it was rich in gold which is what they needed.
And they came and they started mining gold
and taking it to their planet for really survival
of their own planet and their own species.
They desperately needed, they decided that
that was the thing that could help save their planet
from environmental disaster, cosmic rays,
and stuff like that.
And do the Sumerian texts go
into any detail about what they feel this was needed for
by the Anunnaki?
Yeah, they talk about the fact that their planet
was undergoing severe climate change.
Climate change, pretty much the same way
that we're experiencing today, I guess.
There was an interesting article
in the Syndey Morning Herald.
I think it was in 2005, where George Bush,
believe it or not, the brilliant George Bush
asked the scientists of the world to come up
with a solution to find a substance that could be suspended
in the upper atmosphere to protect the Earth
against harmful cosmic rays and rays from the cosmos.
Chemtrails?
I mean, it's amazing when you read that article
it is like exactly that little extract
from the Sumerian Tablets when they talk about
that they found a substance that could be ground
to the finest powder,
suspended high in the atmosphere,
high in the heavens,
to protect their planet against harmful cosmic rays.
And you go wow, the statement by an American politician
and ancient Sumerian Tablets are virtually identical.
Were you giving Bush extra credit for that?
I'm giving Bush extra credit for that.
That may be the only credit I'll ever be able to give him.
So the point is it was written about.
So there was an understanding that was documented
among the Sumerians about why the species was coming here
looking for this substance.
Now, let's talk about what happened with the cloning.
Yeah, so they found it and they mined it.
And if we found something on Mars
or on some of the planets near us
that we desperately needed for the survival
of our species, we would do exactly the same.
Oh, you bet.
Absolutely, and we would go there,
absolutely blindly after getting that substance,
bring it back to Earth for us to survive.
So that's what was happening.
They were taking the gold, mining it,
and taking it back to their planet.
And doing with it whatever they were doing with it.
Then they reached a stage after a few thousand years
where they realized they weren't getting enough gold.
Because there wasn't a large number.
Based on the translations, I think the largest total number
of the Anunnaki ever on Earth was about 600.
They needed help.
They needed to mine this in large numbers.
And they made a decision to clone a being
or clone a primitive worker, they referred to it
as the lulu Amelu, the primitive worker,
to help them get the ore out of the ground
and help them get the gold.
And that's where their problems started really,
because they started experimenting with cloning.
And once again the Sumerian translations
are quite explicit in the continuous attempts
at cloning a new being and a new creature.
And they tried to cross-pollinate all kinds of animals
and all kinds of creatures.
And once again we get these mythological stories
about...
Half beast, half man.
Yeah, half horse, half man; half lion and half man.
And you know what?
It's probably true.
They probably did this.
Absolutely, yeah.
And it's not just mythologically or imaginary,
it's part of history.
And then eventually they stumbled upon
this perfect genetic model called the lulu Amelu,
the primitive worker, and the human race was created.
And this makes perfect sense
when you think about it because A,
we're not alone in the universe.
Other cultures are sophisticated enough
to be able to traverse across time and space
in ways that we don't even comprehend it yet
in our body of science.
Cloning, we even know how to clone.
Our species knows how to clone.
This is not a big leap.
Cloning was a way of ceding other planets
throughout the universe or universes.
You know what happens as well is some people
impose some sort of an evil thing onto this.
And you've got to step away from it and say
when your cat dies and you want to replace your
little kitten, you take your kitten to the cloning clinic
and they take a little sample and they clone you
a kitten that's identical to your kitten, it is your kitten.
It's the clone of your kitten.
How many people
wouldn't raise their hand for that?
Exactly, and do you think you're doing something evil?
No.
Well, that's what most people think.
Well from the eye of the kitten, what if the kitten thinks
why did you bring me into this world?
To be a slave to you?
To live in your house?
For me to depend on you to feed me and all that?
You've made that kitten your slave
for the rest of its life.
But you don't think you've done something evil.
So when the Anunnaki created this primitive worker,
it was a being that had no knowledge, no consciousness.
This could be a very sensitive thing,
this consciousness thing.
It was a very early human.
It had no consciousness because it wasn't able
to think about its own consciousness
because of its naivety and its absolute
baby-like condition as a being.
But what they did do is they had to give it
a large brain, a large frontal lobe because it had
to follow instructions.
It had to perform the instructions accurately,
repetitively without getting bored,
not make mistakes.
So they had to take a creature like a homo erectus
or one of those creatures that was already on Earth
and improve on that and make it a larger brain.
And that's where we see the huge leap
from homo erectus to homo sapien
with a large frontal lobe.
The brain literally doubles in size
from the one to the other.
And that's why we have this missing link problem
from the one species to the other.
The missing link will never be found
because it didn't happen.
The cloning process brought humans forth.
It brought many varieties of humans forth.
Many varieties, and homo neanderthalis
was one of those cloning experiments, too.
Except that seems that that was cloned
in the European regions because we have no
homo neanderthalis in Africa.
In fact, just recently there have been very interesting
genetic studies to show that there's about
a four percent difference in the DNA
of the homo neanderthalis and African people
that suggest the two actually never interbred.
So this being was cloned and they didn't think
they were doing anything bad because they gave it
a big brain.
And by giving it a big brain they allowed the creature
to at some stage contemplate its own being
and its own consciousness.
It grew from a very infantile little being
into a being of consciousness.
So when I say it was born and created without consciousness,
it's a sensitive issue because it grew into consciousness
because it was allowed to grow into consciousness.
That's how I see it.
Because they had to give it a big frontal lobe.
Okay, so let's move on from there.
They have a large frontal lobe,
and you have said that these beings that were used
for the gold mining operations as the slave species,
the worker bee species of the Anunnaki
were very different in appearance.
What were some of the characteristics
as far as what you understand
of what those beings were like?
Of the Anunnaki?
No, the beings that were cloned
and created for their use?
Once again, at this stage we're not really sure
what the first humans looked like.
We suspect that they were slightly taller than we are.
There are two examples for that in southern Africa,
in South Africa specifically.
The one is the Boskopoid skull of a human-like being
that was discovered in the early 1900s.
I believe it was 1903 that it was discovered
and it has been one of the best kept secrets
in archaeology and anthropology.
It's been under lock and key for all this time.
The skull, the cranium of this species, of this being,
is about 25% larger than the human skull.
So it would have been 25% larger than what we are.
And that particular sample is estimated
to be about 35,000 years old.
That's based on the strata
within which it was found.
While the estimate is 35,000 years old,
that's not very accurate science at all.
It could be a lot older.
And then there's another example of a large skeleton
that was found, a full skeleton,
in a mine that was being dug in Namibia,
in a gold mine in Namibia in 1960.
I don't know what happened to the rest of the skeleton,
but the femur of that skeleton has been kept
under lock and key at the University
of the Witwatersrand since 1960.
I hope that the information...
What was the proportion of the femur?
From my understanding it was about nine feet.
It would have indicated a nine-foot tall person.
A nine-foot tall person.
Now, in addition to that you have a photograph
of a footprint, an ancient footprint
that's really quite startling to anybody who sees it,
which is presumed to be the master species
of the day, the Anunnaki, right?
It's a good question, I'm not sure.
It's a massive footprint,
almost as big as the person that's standing next to it.
Yeah, the footprint is probably about four feet.
It's about four, maybe four and-a-half feet big.
It looks human, it looks like a human.
It's very human-like.
It looks like just a big human foot which the only problem
with that footprint is that it's got to be between
200 million and 3 billion years old.
The Anunnaki, based on the Sumerian Tablets
only arrived here about 450,000 years ago.
So they may have been here before.
There are more questions.
Exactly, what that does tell us, that footprint,
is that this Earth has had human-like activity
for a long time and that the arrival of the Anunnaki
was not by any means the first presence
of human-like beings on this planet.
That's why I've put into my presentation,
because in this presentation of the vanished civilizations
of southern Africa just deals with the sudden appearance
of homo sapiens and our species
and the derivative of our species.
the progenitor and the derivative of our species.
I'm not by any means saying that's where it all began.
This Earth has much larger and longer history
that is far more mysterious than most people imagine.
And that's why I show that footprint to say look,
200 million or 3 billion years ago, anywhere in between,
somebody walked over there and left a huge footprint behind.
And that person would have been about seven meters
or nine meters tall.
Yeah, really startling.
As we talk about the actual artifacts themselves,
what's so fascinating about this work
is that everything you've just discussed,
that there was this species that was here
and cloned another species for their use,
the link between that and a geographical location
had not really been established until this work
that you are doing.
And that's what makes it so really,
I mean critical that people find out about this work
at this time.
Yeah, and that's really what struck me is that
after Slave Species of God, I thought
okay, I've done my job.
I'll carry on doing whatever I was doing.
I'll do some talks on the origins of humankind
and the slave species, and that wasn't the case.
Very quickly, I think within six months of doing talks
on slave species, one of the guys that came
to my presentation was a guy called Johan Heine.
And after my presentation, realizing I was a South African,
he said wow, I thought you were an American.
Since you're a local guy, let me show you this stuff.
Maybe we can work on this, or tell me what you think.
I want to show you, he told me,
I want to show you this stuff.
He whipped out his laptop and he started showing me
all the aerial photographs that he'd been taking
for the last 20 years of these stone ruins
all around southern Africa.
All over, they actually cross through Zimbabwe
and across into Zambia as well,
and continues further north.
But the largest concentration that we found
is in southern Africa.
And I was absolutely astounded.
I could not believe my eyes.
I couldn't believe that nobody knew about this.
It was just so obvious.
And something inside me told me that this is directly linked
to the slave species theory or evidence.
Not the least of which it has the greatest
saturation of gold mines in the world.
Well at that stage we didn't even realize
it was linked to gold.
We were just amazed that there were these stone structures.
I went and saw Johan a few months later
and we flew in a helicopter and we saw it from the air.
And it's only when you fly in the helicopter
and you look at it from the air
that you know what's going on.
It hits you and you go oh, my God,
this is something much bigger
than anyone could have ever imagined.
So I immediately started working on a book.
And at that stage Johan had also discovered
what we now called Adam's calendar.
He's really the key guy in bringing this information
and not giving up.
For many years he tried to get this information across
to the authorities and archaeologists in the universities.
And they just kept telling him go away,
you're irritating us, you're an idiot,
you don't know what you're talking about.
And luckily he didn't give up.
He carried on and realized that many of the stone structures
were aligned with the sunrises and solstices
and equinoxes.
And then Adam's calendar most of all became
the most crucial discovery that he made.
He realized that it's not just a random selection of stones,
part of the bedrock standing up.
It's clearly, for those that will go
and look at the information,
it's obvious that it's an ancient calendar site.
And he saw it instantly.
He went and started measuring it and that's when
I got involved with him.
After five years of his work, I entered the picture.
Then we started analyzing it a little bit more
and had it measured and realized that the north,
south, east, west alignments are out
by three and a quarter degrees anti-clockwise.
And that was just a big shock to the system.
I mean, how could north, south, east, west
not be true to north, south, east, west today?
So that immediately made me go, hold on.
And the first thought I had was crustal shift.
Crustal displacement,
shifting of the true north-south line, north-south pole
that Charles Hapgood was a proponent for
who died, I think in 1974 or maybe later.
This was amazing because Einstein was a big supporter
of Charles Hapgood's theory of the whole crustal
displacement, of the movement of the poles.
And I'm not talking about the magnetic poles here.
I'm talking true north-south that actually shifts
with the movement of the mass of land
on the planet.
And that causes the shift of equatorial areas as well.
And Hapgood suggested that in the last hundred years
we may have had as many as three shifts in the pole
in the last hundred years.
And he indicates where it would have happened
to the equatorial regions.
If you look at his work, it actually indicates
the movements.
There was a time when the Sahara would have been
an equatorial region.
And now suddenly it makes a lot more sense
when they tell us that while the Egyptians
and ancient civilizations were there,
there were lots of trees and things there.
And now it's a desert.
And that's where they got all the trees from
that they needed for everything they were doing.
Today we can't imagine that.
Hapgood's theory shows that.
I believe that our discovery with Adam's calendar
and the fact that it's out of alignment with north-south
is proof of this crustal shift, this crustal displacement,
and the movement of north-south,
the shift of the pole.
That is a spectacular discovery.
And we haven't even come close to realizing
its full implications.
At the same time, you were able
to decipher some of what was going on
with the materials that were involved
in some of these structures,
which is really fascinating.
In fact, if someone wants to go right now,
or after they're done watching this interview,
to YouTube and find your video on the ringing rocks
what would that be under?
It's Stones that Ring Like Bells.
Stones that Ring Like Bells, okay on YouTube.
Now let's get into the composition of the stones,
of these incredible structures that we're seeing,
and these interesting geometrical shapes,
mostly circular in nature.
Get into the composition of it, the structure,
and what you believe the structures were used for.
When I first started looking at the stone ruins
I moved out from Johannesburg into a little town
called Waterval Boven, because it's right there
in the heart of the most dense area of these stone ruins.
And I started walking the mountains, actually.
Get out in the morning and you walk the mountains
and you go and see the ruins.
And I must have seen a thousand of them.
At which point I got surprised because I realize
that there are a lot more of these ruins
than anyone had imagined.
At that stage I estimated about 100,000 of these
which was an unthinkable number.
You're talking about hundreds of kilometers,
or thousands of kilometers?
Just the number of stone, circular stone structures.
Over an expanse.
The area that I live in is probably 150 by 100 miles,
or something like that.
This is just your neighborhood.
150 by 100 kilometers, not miles.
And in that area I looked wide, and all over the place.
I walked around these ruins and try to find
as many of them as possible.
And just really observe them, look at them,
look at how they're structured.
Look at the difference in structures.
Seeing the manipulation of these ruins
by later civilizations.
You can clearly see when the later movement of people
come through there and they manipulate them
and they change them and make little entrances in them,
and things like that.
So you can start recognizing that there's been
movements of civilization after civilization
utilizing these structures.
What's interesting about this as well
is that most of the visible ones are on tops of mountains.
And that's what Johan Heine
started photographing initially.
And they all seemed to be scattered along
the tops of mountains, which was a bit of an enigma.
Why are they all on tops of mountains?
Which later became very obvious.
But it took a while for us to, for me to realize
that it wasn't a random kind of stone that was used.
It was all the same kind of stone.
And you can clearly see when the later civilizations
arrive and they had no idea
what the original structures were for.
But you can see the different layers
of a different kind of stone being put
on top of the original stone walls.
Which were not stones native to that area,
at all.
They're not native to that area.
Well, sometimes they're native, but they're not
necessarily from that specific area.
You still have to go down to the river to fetch them.
So you still have to bring them a long way
to construct your structure.
And I realize that the stone that we're dealing with
it was during one of the times that we were clearing
one of the ruins so we could take tourists there
and show them these walls,
that we were picking up the stones that were lying
all over the place from the collapsed walls
so that you could walk there and not walk on the stones
so we were creating a path.
And as we were moving the stones,
I started hearing them clanging against each other
and I went hold on, these things ring like bells.
As the guys were picking them up and them on a pile,
it was like ding ding, ding ding ding.
It was like what is going on here?
This is like a musical cacophony that's going on
down there while they're packing the stones
on these little piles.
And it suddenly hit me.
These stones ring like bells.
They've got very specific acoustic properties.
And that's when it just opened up and I realized
that this is not just accidental stone building,
that there was a much higher, a much more obvious purpose
behind it we hadn't thought about.
And you had the stones analyzed.
Over 50% quartz essentially.
I had them analyzed and they're 54% silica dioxide.
And then the rest of it is iron and aluminum.
And those are very important as well.
But it's a very, very hard rock.
It's known as hornfels.
In South Africa the geological formation is called hornfels.
It's extremely hard.
When I say hard, I mean really hard.
I tried to break a stone this size.
I could not break it with all my force and might
on top of the mountain.
I tried to break it so I could send one half
to the laboratory so we could do patina growth studies.
And eventually I took the whole stone
and I sent the whole stone to the lab
'cause I couldn't break it.
I said, now the guys can deal with it in the lab.
They can saw it in half,
because I can't break the bloody thing.
You can hear these acoustic properties
even with the patina on it.
And even though it's not in its original unfiltered form,
so to speak.
The natural stone is a very dark charcoal kind of color.
It's beautiful.
It's very homogeneous content.
The minerals are perfectly mixed in it.
And that's why it's called a metamorphosized
quartz size, because at some stage it must have been
exposed to high heat, between 500 and 600 degrees Celsius,
which caused this homogeneous property.
And it's that property that the builders
of these stone ruins were after.
And that's why these used the stone,
because it rings like bells, it's got acoustic properties.
Just like the builders of Stonehenge used the stones
in Stonehenge for their acoustic properties,
the same thing happened here.
I went and I recorded a lot of the stones, the ringing.
I walked around with my friend from Johannesburg
and we recorded the sound of over,
well over 100 stones.
Each stone had its own tone?
Yeah, and then he went back to his music studio.
He analyzed the frequencies of the stones.
At this stage there's a lot more work
to be done there, obviously, but at this stage they,
between 200 hertz and 16 and a half thousand hertz.
So it's almost within the audible spectrum
of the human audible spectrum.
But there's a lot more.
And the other thing is some of the stones ring
at more than one frequency.
They resonate at more than one frequency.
So it becomes really interesting and more complex.
I started thinking that at that stage
that they were using the stone circles
to generate standing waves.
Because when you have these stones in circles
and you create a sound frequency in the middle,
just like a piano when you, how do you tune a piano?
You take a tuning fork, you smack it,
and you put it on top of the piano.
And the ringing tuning fork starts
to vibrate the strings in the piano.
And that's exactly what would happen if you took
a tuning fork and you put it in the middle
of this circle with thousands and thousands of strings.
Each stone is like a string.
If you resonate a fork or a sound in the middle
it will make the stones in the walls vibrate
at that specific frequency.
And eventually they will all start to vibrate
at that frequency, those that vibrate at that frequency,
many thousands of them.
And create an incredibly loud cacophony of that frequency,
which is a very powerful sound, powerful source of energy.
And you create what would be known as a standing wave.
And people at work with sound and electronics
understand how powerful a standing wave can be.
And the only way you can then destroy that
is by introducing an interfering wave,
that's how you destroy it.
So I thought at that stage that that's how they
were generating the energy.
But then that changed, obviously as well.
I still think that's one of the ways that they
were generating energy in the circular stone structures
that have no internal structures.
But then it got even more interesting when we started
realizing there were other aspects to it.
Let's talk about some of that,
some of the formations.
The one that is in more modern terms known as,
is it a magnatron?
Yeah.
The magnatron which was used in the 1940s.
Okay, so let's talk about that because that exact image
or geometrical formation is what you found there
with these pathways coming out of it.
It's quite interesting.
So now, let's get to what you think may have been going on.
The important thing is to note that
all the circular structures are unique.
Each one is totally unique.
And the internal structures
of the circular stone ruins are unique.
Each one is so completely unique and sometimes
so complex in its nature that the mind boggles.
You;d go why would anybody come up with this shape?
If you had to build a stone structure to live in
or to do something in, you'd build a circle,
a circle out of stones and that's it.
You wouldn't build these weird little nooks and crannies,
and a little pile of stones there
and then a pile of stones there,
and then this little thing sticking out there,
and this attachment here.
Almost like channels connecting them.
And then on top of this have all of these circles
connected by these roads.
Originally we called ancient roads.
It made no sense.
And what I found is that all of the ancient structures
were connected by these roads.
And not only connected by these roads from circle to circle,
they were interspersed by agricultural terraces.
And this spider's web effect that lead into
what are obvious, seem to be obvious
agricultural terraces for growing some sort of crops.
And the whole thing is just like one continuous grid
made up of the same kind of stone that ring like bells.
That are very good channelers of energy
and of frequency and of sound.
And that obviously got me going.
And I realized that what we're looking at,
the specific shapes of these stone ruins
are actually representative cymatic shapes
of the energies that come out of the surface
of planet Earth.
And that's what this is all about.
They understood what Nikola Tesla
and John Keely and others discovered in more recent times
in the last 120 odd years when they started
telling us that the Earth rings like a bell
and that therein lies the answer to the free energy
that we're looking for.
That we can tap into the energy of the planet
and actually use that for all our needs.
And that's what these guys seemed to have been doing.
And that is why all these circular structures
have completely unique patterns to represent
the sound shapes, the shapes of the cymatic sound waves
as they come out of the surface at that specific point.
And that's why they connected.
And that leads us to not only the understanding
of this frequency coming out of planet Earth,
but also amplifying that frequency.
And really turning it into a real dynamo
and a generator of a lot more energy.
Incidentally, that's what I believe eventually
led to the destruction of Atlantis.
That's the information that I've been given,
and I found this quite interesting.
There's a psychic lady in Johannesburg,
in fact, the same lady that gave me the picture
of the energy fields coming out of the pyramids,
the great pyramid told me when she saw what I was working on
she said that is the shape.
That is the energy device that caused the sinking
and destruction of the Atlantis.
It look her like five seconds.
She took a look at it and she went that's it.
It was like whoa, that's amazing.
And it really resonated with me because I know
how powerful that device is.
And some people, it may take a while for them
to realize how powerful these energy devices are,
because it's so alien to us today.
And then you hear a lot of thought
over the last decades as the species begins to wake up.
As people, like yourself and many, begin remembering
I really think this is more of a remembrance
on a long sole lineage here of these technologies
and what they were utilized for at a given point in time.
And then you look at the seemingly mental and emotional
either instability or immaturity of the species
and what we have been manipulated into
and what we have become right now.
And you think perhaps it isn't quite,
the time hasn't been quite right for these energies
to reemerge, because who horrid things
might we choose to do with them against each other?
And on the other hand, the time is becoming
absolutely ripe for this to begin emerging really
for the healthy continuation of the species.
I think there's no doubt that the control groups
on this planet already know this technology.
And they are using this technology.
In a sense, we see it in the harp, harp thing
that they're doing and many other things
that we're probably completely unaware of.
Being used in a militarization of the planet.
And against the people, really.
To control and subjugate the people
and keep them in line.
So are people like you coming to the surface
now to say no, this should be utilized by all.
This was utilized in past times for okay,
maybe usurious, but not for destructive purposes at least.
They were harnessing this energy for use,
and the part that you were continuing on
is they used that for the energy that was needed
for the process of mining gold and separating it out
and so forth.
Well, they used the energy for everything.
For digging the ore out of the ground,
for crushing the ore, for separating the minerals,
for transporting the stuff that they needed to transport
along these channels that linked all these
stone structures together.
Because these are all energy devices that they created
anti-gravity effects like our modern electromagnetic trains
float on the tracks.
And nobody goes wow, that's imposssible.
What's happening?
Well, they were generating the energy fields
in the circles and basically these channels
that connected them all together were like
electromagnetic tracks with levitation properties
that you could move stuff with absolute ease
between this entire huge grid.
And it would have been used for heat, for light,
for everything.
And this is what we now come into,
well what is it that they used?
It's just a frequency.
And this is what it comes down to.
And frequency seems to be the answer to everything.
Frequency is energy.
Frequency equals energy.
And that's a big thing for us, a big hurdle
for us to cross and start to think about it in those terms.
I just want to come back to the question that you raised
about the magnatron.
Because it's in the magnatron that we find
the real understanding.
And a magnatron for those people that don't know
is a device that we use today.
Every microwave's got a magnatron.
And that's probably the best description.
It's a very, very, the magnatron in a microwave is tiny.
It's about this size.
And it generates a tremendous amount of energy.
It can be destructive energy or it could be positive energy.
It depends on how you use it,
or how you change the frequency,
what frequency you choose to create with that magnatron.
These guys were building magnatrons
that are 30 meters, 50 meters in diameter.
Not little things like this.
One can only fathom the energy
that was being created.
Exactly, and the work they were doing is
first of all they were tapping into this energy
in the surface of planet Earth.
And they were then tapping that out of the Earth
and amplifying that energy with this magnatron shape
and then channeling it down into those channels
thousands of miles of channels for the use,
whatever they were doing with it.
Now we get to the whole frequency thing.
And suddenly the whole frequency thing
becomes really, really important.
In South Africa there's a guy that is using frequency
to cure all disease and to eradicate pests
and viruses and so forth.
Kind of like Rife?
Like a Royal Raymond Rife.
I think he's taken it to a much higher level that Rife.
And he's still alive, and I hope that he comes out
with his information very soon
and shares it with the world before they take him out.
And it's incredible what's he's doing.
I don't want to say much more about him,
because I fear it might.
But this is an example of the use
of frequencies for the benefit of mankind
rather than against mankind.
He's been doing this for over 10 years,
maybe about 12 years.
Humankind.
Exactly, humankind.
And this chap has been doing this for about 12 years
or so now and he told me that for the last four years
he has not used any kind of energy or electricity
supplied by the government.
He just taps into the energy around him
and from the Earth.
So he's clearly broken the mold and he's crossed
the dividing line,
understanding that energy is all around us.
And we get told this all the time.
We get told that you can't destroy energy.
Energy is everywhere in the universe.
Then on the next hand you say well you see,
it's expensive to create electricity.
Because we've been so dumbed down and blinded
and we're told that electricity is energy.
Well, that's not energy.
Electricity is a form, deadly form of energy
that has been created in that specific fashion
so they can control it and they can measure it,
and they can...
Charge us for it.
And most importantly charge us for it.
But they can control where it goes.
Because free energy is everywhere,
and it's free to everyone.
And I can tell just from your body language
and the look on your face this is really
what's so exciting to you about this discovery.
Yeah.
I mean, other than the obvious implications
about the age of the species and all of that
from anthropological terms.
But really, we have here massive natural
earth-based energy generators.
They align, over a million, over 10 million of them
lying in southern Africa.
And they're still alive.
I was going to ask you,
they have to be active.
Now can you talk about that,
some measurements that have been done?
Well, it was actually by accident that this happened.
This guy went out and he measured the energies in them
via another guy that I know.
And he e-mailed me, SMS'ed me and said
by the way, we went to the rings today
and we measured the energy.
You won't believe what we measured.
I was on tour somewhere and I phoned him back
and I said no, no what do you mean?
You've got to tell me this.
This is important stuff, because they didn't know
what I know.
They thought that this was an interesting little fun thing
that they measured.
They didn't quite know what to do with it.
And when I heard that they measured specific frequencies
in the ruins, I went crazy.
And I was on tour somewhere and I phoned them back
and I said what do you mean you measured frequency?
Tell me what you measured?
And he told me we measured 14 1/2 gigahertz at 72 db.
And I said where did you measure it?
And he said, well in that ruin over there.
When I got back, I called the guy that measured it.
Now this is a guy that's ex-centic.
He worked for the company in South Africa
that sets up all the satellite
and the satellite distribution transmissions
for all the television and radio stations
that control broadcasting in southern Africa.
And he is an expert in this kind of stuff.
He's got state-of-the-art equipment
to measure this stuff with.
And he told me when he measured, he explained to me
the whole, full detail of how he measured it
and when he measured it and what he measured.
And what he measured was 14 1/2 gigahertz
at 72 decibels coming out of the walls
on this one specific ruin.
And then he told me he measured another weird
kind of energy field that's coming out of the ground.
Moving out of the ground into the sky.
That's a whole 'nother thing that they measured.
It's like a vortex effect that is created
because of the energy field in the walls.
Obviously you're creating an electromagnetic effect.
And then he said the thing that really got me,
is oh and by the way I know where the next (unclear)
is, I know where the next stone circle is.
And I said oh, how do you know this?
He says because there's like a field of energy
that goes from this circle over there.
Then I saw there was another circle lying over there.
So, there's a channel of energy that goes
from this circle to that circle.
And he didn't know at that stage that I've figured out
that the channels were the links for the flow of energy
between the circles.
So with me prompting him in any way,
he actually told me that's exactly what was happening.
Wow, what wonderful validation.
Just to wrap this part of our conversation up.
We have an advanced species who cloned the beginning
of modern man, modern woman and man species,
human species.
Well, I'm going to correct you there.
The first few thousand years it was all male.
Oh, was it all male?
Because it was cloning.
Yeah, it was cloning, it was all male.
And that's...
True, you wanted the big, strong bodies.
Because they were cloning them.
They were just cloning male species.
And then when they couldn't clone them fast enough
that's when they said let's make a female
so they can procreate on their own
and breed quicker.
Well thank you for correcting me on that.
I hadn't heard that before.
Maybe I hadn't read the fine print yet in your book.
But thank you.
No, it's important.
That's why they created the sixth chromosome.
So I suspect if we ever, and when we find
the human remains of these early beings
they're only going to have 22 pairs of chromosomes,
and not 23.
And that's going to be a huge revelation as well.
Okay, so mankind developing into humankind.
We have this gold mining species that was using
very advanced technology because the beings
that were present and manipulating
and orchestrating all these events
understood the technology.
And the remnants are left there for us now
to rediscover, to reverse engineer or utilize
in a helpful manner for the future of our species.
Exactly.
But, from here we're going to continue
the conversation into another area completely.
Any other final thoughts on this before we wrap
this part of the conversation up?
What the early civilization has given us
is two very important things.
The understanding for us to look at free energy,
tapping it out of the earth, as you said.
And this is our main obsession today is to find free energy.
And the obsession of the Illuminati to keep that surpressed
as long as they can.
Well, we're learning it from the first people on Earth,
the first civilizations.
And at the same time it seems like the first 270,000 years
of the human race, the existence of homo sapiens
in their mining slave colonies in southern Africa
was almost a Utopian kind of lifestyle,
very similar to what I believe is what I now
am trying to propose, this new social structure
called contributionism.
Very close to that, it's interesting.
So two important things that we learned
from the first people.
Free energy and the foundation of a contributionist society.
On that note, thank you so much, Michael.
And we'll continue our conversation.
Thanks, Regina.
The key to Michael's interest is his belief
that these stone structures provided clean,
limitless energy to those living nearly 300,000 years ago.
If this kind of energy can be harnessed once again,
humankind has the potential to create society anew
without the need for money.
This led us to our next conversation
in which he tells us of his laudable plans
for contributionism in South Africa.
It's a brilliant conversation.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.